he Main Campus Library

The Main Campus Library is located at the third floor of the College of Business and Accountancy building at the Main Campus. It houses books and resources for the College of Business and Accountancy, College of Arts and Social Sciences, College of Public Administration, and Graduate School.

The College of Engineering Library

The COE Library is located at the Ground Floor of the Engineering Building at the Main Campus. It houses   collection of books on engineering and technology, which is rich in the field of Allied Operations, Mechanical, Industrial, and intended for College of Engineering and Technology students and faculty members. It also contains Filipiniana books and professional periodicals.

The School of Law Library

The School of Law Library is located at the 2nd Floor of the TSU Gymnasium at the Main Campus. It offers access to legal academic resources.

Hon. Jose V. Yap Library

The Jose V. Yap Library is located at the TSU Lucinda Campus. Periodical collections, theses, dissertations, general references and the Internet Section are at the Ground Floor while collections for the College of Science and books for the program Hotel and Restaurant Management under the College of Business and Accountancy are at the mezzanine. Books for the College of Education, College of Criminal Justice Education including collections on International World Peace and the Filipiniana collection are at the 3rd floor. The Audio Visual Room, Archives, Accreditation Room, and Student Lounge are also located at the 3rd Floor of the Jose V. Yap Library.

The San Isidro Campus Library

The San Isidro Campus Library is located at the TSU San Isidro Campus. Its collections are mostly in the fields of Applied Sciences, Fine Arts and Recreation, including books for the College of Computer Studies to cater the needs of the faculty and students of the Colleges. It also contains Filipiniana collections and professional periodicals. Additional services are Information-Reference Section, Rare Books, and the Archive Collections.

